com/nixsolutions/usik/Application.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.Application
com/nixsolutions/usik/constants/LoggerConstants.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.constants.LoggerConstants
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/Product.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.Product
com/nixsolutions/usik/constants/RoleConstants.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.constants.RoleConstants
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/ReviewProductController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.ReviewProductController
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/RoleService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.RoleService
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/ClientRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.ClientRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/PurchaseValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.PurchaseValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/EntityControllerWithName.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.EntityControllerWithName
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/EntityValidatorWithName.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.EntityValidatorWithName
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/PurchaseController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.PurchaseController
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/RoleController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.RoleController
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/PurchaseRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.PurchaseRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/constants/EntityConstants.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.constants.EntityConstants
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/ProductType.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.ProductType
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/ReviewProductValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.ReviewProductValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/service/GoogleDriveService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.service.GoogleDriveService
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/Purchase.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.Purchase
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/ReviewProductService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.ReviewProductService
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/EntityValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.EntityValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/StatusService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.StatusService
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/ReviewProduct.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.ReviewProduct
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/ShopValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.ShopValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/IServiceWithName.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.IServiceWithName
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/PhotoController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.PhotoController
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/PhotoService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.PhotoService
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/Role.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.Role
com/nixsolutions/usik/Main.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.Main
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/StatusValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.StatusValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/ProductTypeController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.ProductTypeController
com/nixsolutions/usik/exeptions/GoogleServiceException.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.exeptions.GoogleServiceException
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/EntityController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.EntityController
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/RoleRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.RoleRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/ReviewProductRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.ReviewProductRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/PurchaseService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.PurchaseService
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/RoleValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.RoleValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/ShopService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.ShopService
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/ProductController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.ProductController
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/ClientValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.ClientValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/constants/FieldConstants.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.constants.FieldConstants
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/ShopRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.ShopRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/Status.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.Status
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/IEntity.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.IEntity
com/nixsolutions/usik/constants/GoogleDriveFolderConstants.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.constants.GoogleDriveFolderConstants
com/nixsolutions/usik/utils/ControllerUtils.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.utils.ControllerUtils
com/nixsolutions/usik/utils/GoogleDriveUtils.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.utils.GoogleDriveUtils
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/ProductTypeRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.ProductTypeRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/ClientService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.ClientService
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/Client.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.Client
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/Shop.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.Shop
com/nixsolutions/usik/config/JpaConfig.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.config.JpaConfig
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/StatusController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.StatusController
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/PhotoValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.PhotoValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/entities/Photo.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.entities.Photo
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/ProductValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.ProductValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/PhotoRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.PhotoRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/ProductTypeService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.ProductTypeService
com/nixsolutions/usik/service/ClientDetailsService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.service.ClientDetailsService
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/IRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.IRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/constants/UrlConstants.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.constants.UrlConstants
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/ProductService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.ProductService
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/ShopController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.ShopController
com/nixsolutions/usik/validators/ProductTypeValidator.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.validators.ProductTypeValidator
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/service/IService.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.service.IService
com/nixsolutions/usik/exeptions/ResourceNotFoundException.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.exeptions.ResourceNotFoundException
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/StatusRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.StatusRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/config/SecurityConfig.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.config.SecurityConfig
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/ProductRepository.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.ProductRepository
com/nixsolutions/usik/controller/ClientController.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.controller.ClientController
com/nixsolutions/usik/model/repository/IRepositoryWithName.java
 com.nixsolutions.usik.model.repository.IRepositoryWithName
